So talking to customers, a common theme in
our conversations has been protecting their
investments.
When a customer buys an FB7500 or 7600, or
high end digital press, HP is committed to
protecting the investment for the customers
by adding upgrades that can actually be applied
to their existing printer.
I’m happy to announce that for the Spring
of 2012, we have two new features that we’re
rolling out for the FB7600.
The first one is the autoloader for the FB7600.
It’s an automatic sheet feeder that was
designed in partnership with Hostert to work
with the FB7600 to feed either one-up or two-up
pallet fulls of rigid or flexible material.
The autoloader saves time and makes production
more efficient by allowing a single operator
to actually run multiple presses.
An operator no longer has to stand in front
of the press and feed sheet by sheet.
It can actually load an entire pallet full
of material onto a lift table; the loader
will then grab material from the lift table,
feed it into the 7600, automatically print
and offload.
The second one is white ink.
Customers have been asking for white ink on
their FB7500s and FB7600s for quite a while.
I’m happy to announce that HP Scitex will
be rolling out white ink in 2012.
The white ink for the FB7600 is unique in
the marketplace because it allows you not
only to use your full color set, but also
allows you to add two additional beams and
up to 104 printheads to utilize white ink
with the color set you already have in your
printer.
It allows you to efficiently print spot whites
in either an overspot or underspot, you can
do a five-layer sandwich for backlit material,
or you can print to a colored material using
white-only application.
With these latest upgrades, HP Scitex is making
the FB7600 even more productive and even more
versatile than what it already was.